[DataGrid] Add `resetPageOnSortFilter` prop that resets the page after sorting/filtering (#16450)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/filtering/server-side.md

{{"demo": "ServerFilterGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> :::info

Reviewer: I would suggest changing this to a `success` callout, which is a way of saying "here's a tip to improve your implementation of this feature."

```suggestion
:::success
```

> Combine server-side filtering with [Server-side sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#server-side-sorting) and [Server-side pagination](/x/react-data-grid/pagination/#server-side-pagination) to avoid fetching more data than needed, since you already process the data outside of the Data Grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can combine server-side filtering with [server-side sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#server-side-sorting) and [server-side pagination](/x/react-data-grid/pagination/#server-side-pagination) to avoid fetching more data than needed, since it's already processed outside of the Data Grid.
```

Author: [My reasoning](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/pull/16450/files#r1952219552) for the difference.
If the pagination is client-side, you have the whole dataset, so having just filtering or sorting on the server is different than having just pagination, since the other two should operate on the whole dataset.

> Combine server-side filtering with [Server-side sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#server-side-sorting) and [Server-side pagination](/x/react-data-grid/pagination/#server-side-pagination) to avoid fetching more data than needed, since you already process the data outside of the Data Grid.

Author: Having the text updated would warrant IMO an update to a `warning` callout. As I am still more in favor of keeping it as info I would also like to keep the text as is.
